# Project 1 Mitchell Skelton u3236482 Front-End Web Design

## Reflection
After the Canberra Modern visitors gave their brief about the website and what they expected I shorty began development on the website. I began buy creating all the html pages I needed and setting up all the appropriate tags and sections using semantic HTML tags where possible. My CSS code is organized into the groups and pages relevant to each other, making it easier to find and edit classes without getting lost or not knowing what I am editing. Mostly I think that my website turned out really nice. Having only little hiccups along the way which were solved with the help of some JavaScript I was able to create a seamless website design that used the main 2 colors from the CM logo. These colors were incorporated accordingly on buttons and hover affects to add some vibrance to the site. I used CSS grid to make my responsive header which turned out perfectly, the header accordingly adjusts to different sizes through media queries and once too small to show the links up top it transforms into a hamburger menu that has a seamless transition when clicked. My website is very responsive in all aspects around the website, I have tested the responsiveness all the way down to the tiny iPhone SE with it working close to perfectly. The main responsive part of the website was using CSS grids a lot, when the screen gets too small to handle a certain amount of grids I would take out a fractional unit reducing it by 1 until only 1 fractional unit is left at the smallest screen size. 

## Low-Fi Prototypes